When I first joined the military I thought, okay, I'm going to be exercising
all day and I'm gonna be shooting guns all night but fortunately,
neither of those really came to pass. You do have some time to
exercise but as far as shooting guns, it's not really something that's
really popular here. Especially when you're out on deployment, which
is six months in the middle of the ocean. Some people, the military
police, the MPs, they have guns but it's not like they're practicing
all the time you know, like it's, they practice back at shore.
And when you're on shore, I basically do my job as an Electrician's
Mate, it's not like I can practice. But there are opportunities to practice,
there are shooting ranges that people go to, and I won my ribbons,
in fact.